# NAME

Smarter Together API

This is the API of the Smart Data Platform Munich in the EU project Smarter Together.If you want to access one of the APIs listed below, please get in contact with smarter-together@muenchen.de to get further information about the conditions and next steps.

# VERSION

Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 2.0.1
- Package version: 
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.AkkaScalaClientCodegen

# Requirements

Building the API client library requires [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) to be installed.

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn deploy
```

Refer to the [official documentation](https://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-deploy-plugin/usage.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
    <artifactId>swagger-client</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0</version>
    <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-client:1.0.0"
```

### SBT users

```scala
libraryDependencies += "io.swagger" % "swagger-client" % "1.0.0"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.smartdataplatform.info*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**lamppostsGet**](DefaultApi.md#lamppostsGet) | **GET** /lampposts | Server example operation
*DefaultApi* | [**lamppostsLamppostIdConnectedSensorsConnectedSensorIdMeasuredValuesGet**](DefaultApi.md#lamppostsLamppostIdConnectedSensorsConnectedSensorIdMeasuredValuesGet) | **GET** /lampposts/{lamppostId}/connectedSensors/{connectedSensorId}/measuredValues | Server example operation
*DefaultApi* | [**lamppostsLamppostIdGet**](DefaultApi.md#lamppostsLamppostIdGet) | **GET** /lampposts/{lamppostId} | Server example operation


## Documentation for Models

 - [LamppostStation](LamppostStation.md)
 - [LamppostStationConnectedSensor](LamppostStationConnectedSensor.md)
 - [LamppostStationConnectedSensorMeasuredValue](LamppostStationConnectedSensorMeasuredValue.md)
 - [LamppostStationConnectedSensorProperties](LamppostStationConnectedSensorProperties.md)
 - [PointLocation](PointLocation.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:


# BUILDING YOUR LIBRARY

See the homepage `https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen` for full details.
But briefly, clone the git repository, build the codegen codebase, set up your build
config file, then run the API build script. You will need git, Java 7 or 8 and Apache
maven 3.0.3 or better already installed.

Your library files will be built under `WWW::MyProjectName`.

          $ git clone https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen.git
          $ cd swagger-codegen
          $ mvn package
          $ java -jar modules/swagger-codegen-cli/target/swagger-codegen-cli.jar generate \
    -i [URL or file path to JSON swagger API spec] \
    -l akka-scala \
    -c /path/to/config/file.json \
    -o /path/to/output/folder

Bang, all done. Run the `autodoc` script in the `bin` directory to see the API
you just built.

## Author


